Meeting
-------
- council initiative project
- cloverdale recreation centre (to be named cloverdale youth park)
- strong ag history, the community moving in is young & progressive
- chuck bailey centre was highly well recieved
- surrey big wall screen
- digital media canopy of the roof possibly being a screen
- want to have a responsive changing design of the rec park
- they want digital media
- performance platform/art platform/interactive venue
- high profile from the street
- covered skatable space
- street style skating 1st phase
  - bowl on the east side will come @ a later phase
- to also be a place to hang out. (create a youth lounge, think of what
can be done interactivity-wise)


- roof 6k sq/ft
- primarily metal (like transmission tower)
  - sheathed by extruded polycarbonate and expanded metal mesh material (not the best
  material to project against) with wood.
- will have timbre under the bottom.
- there will be a viewing platform 
  - it will be a controlled perspective to view the park as well as the
  roof on the site. you will never be able to see the top of the roof
- you will not be able to skate at night……… ? there will be functional
levels of light (there will not be sport levels). may wash out the
interaction if the lights are bright enough.
- can have a palm switch that turns on the functional lights.
- 300 lux for overlead lights. direct view fixtures. potential direct
view screens placed away from the sources. embedded is still
a possibility.  but this is only during functional skating hours.
- gobo rotator fixture stuff

- EOS lighting design. 
  - leanne - 


lighting opportunities
----------------------
- trees
  - tree well
    - can shine light up into the tree
- pillars of canopy
  - made of galvanized metal


- think daylight & nightime 

things to google
----------------
- surrey rodeo space
- chuck bailey facility

- highway 76 & 62 ave ( there is a rec centre that you might be able to
view from the southeast side of 62nd @ a rec centre )
  - really big
- crime prevention through design requirements (set by the police)
  - crime prevention through design
- illumninating engineernig society of america (find out what the
lighting requirements are). 
- projected vs direct field lighting
- ie-67 led lightings

things to charge
----------------

- 
- consider the fact that there is a rec centre across the street
